Milestone 2 - Project Tools - The Brogrammers (Team 4)

Team Members:
Bryan Brent
Brandon Chavez 
Matthew Louchart 
Max Messenger Bouricius
Hulaif Muhammad Ilyas

Github Repository: https://github.com/Moodiment/PantryPros

Project Management Tool: 

	The Brogrammers have decided to use Trello as their project management tool. We decided to pick Trello because of its simplicity and versatility. Not only does Trello give us the ability to set up projects and activities, divide up individual tasks, and record individual activities, but it also offers great collaboration functionality and flexibility. 

Our Trello board can be found here:
https://trello.com/b/b5VYaOYB/pantry-pros

Project Plan: 


A three week project plan can be see on our Trello. 

Possible 3 week solutions: Each primary bullet-point could theoretically take one week for implementation.
Abstract: Due to this being the group’s first cycle, two critical functional requirements must be implemented first, (Database and Website) before any product can be shipped at the end of the cycle.

Database - Since this is our next milestone. It’s also going to be an integral part to our product. MySQL will be the database of choice. We will use a mix of tables for different types of recipes. 
Website - This will allow us to work towards milestone 4 marketing. This way when we go to market stuff we will have a website to fall back on. 
Note: When deciding a website- We can use Wix,Wordpress or design our own. I am personally fine with any option. 
Wordpress seems like it may be the most simple solution since it allows a user to easily create their own custom content. Additionally, it is compatible with a number of platforms, including both desktop and mobile clients.

Interface -  For both our website and our database.
Primarily back-end work, integrating the previous two bullet-points. Will primarily consist of figuring out functional requirements within our website and database.
Propagate - create a list of recipes and insert them into our database. 
Most will likely be hard-coded, given the diversity/unorthodox nature of recipes (varying ingredients, cooking times, instructions, etc) making it hard to automatically integrate recipes found on internet
If possible, potentially find suitable API(‘s) for automatic and continuous integration of additional recipes.

